From: forums.macnn.com

Here is how I see the future of OmniGroup, Apple, M$, and the World;

1. Omni sells to Apple in the year 2001

2. Apple will have a branded browser that 90% of the users out there
   will keep as their primary browser.

3. M$ gets pissed and yanks or delays Office for X in August 2001.

4. Apple, with 4 billion in the bank, brings 500 software engineers
   into the Appleworks division and delivers a full strength
   Appleworks by October 2001. Best yet, AppleWorks will be cross
   platform and Office compliant.

5. M$ loses millions over the next few years because every Mac user
   can now work with every PC user by having a heavy duty Appleworks.

6. OmniGroup, now a branch of Apple, begins to port games and other
   apps to X, as they are now beginning to do anyway.

7. Apple, gaining market share because of the iMac, iBook,
   TiBook,iTunes, iMovie, iPhoto, iServices, G4 1ghz Dual machines,
   LCD displays that are affordable, and the huge success of Apple
   Retail Stores...decides to port OSX to PC's in 2002. This version
   of OSX (11.1?) is such a hit that when the average Joe or Jane
   decides to buy their next PC they instead buy an Apple
   machine...why not, they are using OSX, iTunes, iMovie, iDVD, etc
   with pleasure so they now feel the need to buy apple hardware..

8. M$ loses market share for the first time ever in late 2002.

Flash forward to 2008. Apple market share is 70% of all PC's and the
DOJ starts to investigate...Steve Jobs welcomes the DOJ with open arms
and they find nothing wrong...people just decided that Apple is a
better product...

November 5th, 2008, President Elect Jeb Bush meets with Steve Jobs and
works a deal so that every school in America is equipped with Apple
computers, as well as every branch or the US government. Because Apple
continued to make the best hardware and software the virus is a thing
of the past and Server Firewalls cannot be hacked by anyone.

Miracle cures for most diseases are found by the scientists using G6
computers with 6 to 8 5ghz processors and are able to use the Genome
data to formulate cures for 99% of diseases.

Bandwith in North America allows for internet speeds to increase 1000
fold.

Televison, Radio, Movies on demand, telephone, and instant messaging
become available on an Apple Global, a small handheld computer that
every american can buy for $300 (Apple having bought PALM in 2001).
Service is $5.00 a month. These services are also available for the
home user using Rev 2/Z iMacs, iBooks, PowerBooks and Desktops (with
32" LCD displays)

M$ stock now sells for $2.00USD and is studied in Colleges all over
the world as a company that was king of the world, for a while, then
lost it all by it's own greed, and lack of innovation.

In 2010 President Bush announces January 24th an official holiday,
Apple Day, all banks and government offices are closed, as well as all
public schools.

Steve Jobs becomes one of Americas national heros and the Apple logo
becomes as recognizable as the US Flag.

Bill Gates, now a humble millionare, announces on WorldWide television
that his comment to Steve in 1984 "It doesn't matter" was wrong.

The World's first contact with Aliens occur in 2012. Steve Jobs is
asked to attend. Shows the aliens the latest Apple hardware.  The
aliens are so impressed they buy Apple hardware for thousands of
civilizations in the galaxy. The aliens, in turn, give us the
technology to develop 'Warp' speed for space travel, Steve,
unimpressed, shows the aliens a better way by using Apple Technology.
The aliens smack their foreheads and say 'DOH!"...and fly away, only
to return to attend MacWorld Expos and pick up the latest upgrades...

Well, at least I think this is the future.
