The Becky Klemt Letters

From: http://www.txpd.org/TPJ/18/law_disorder.htm

Letter No. 1:

    Laramie, Wyoming
    July 19, 1988

    Mr. Stephen G. Corris
    Attorney at Law
    Irvine, California

    Re: Broomell vs Broomell
    Civil No. 16424

    Dear Mr. Corris:

    This firm obtained the enclosed Judgment against Defendant, Stephen H.
    Broomell, on June 4, 1987. The Judgment remains only partially satisfied
    and there is due and owing as of this date principal and interest in the
    amount of $4,239.84. Interest accrues at the rate of $1.06 per day.

    Would you please advise whether or not you would be interested in
    collecting on this Judgment and, if so, your fees for doing so. It's
    entirely possible that a letter from you to Mr. Broomell will be all
    that's needed.

    I look forward to hearing from you.

    Sincerely,

    Pence and MacMillan
    Becky N. Klemt

Letter No. 2:

    August 8, 1988

    Ms. Becky N. Klemt
    Pence and MacMillan
    Laramie, Wyoming

    Dear Ms. Klemt,

    I apologize for not getting back to you sooner, but I have been in and
    out of the office for the past six weeks. Seems that there's never
    enough time.

    I want to thank you for offering me the opportunity to collect the
    judgment on behalf of Ms. Marcia L. Broomell, but, I must decline.
    Without sounding pretentious, my current retainer for cases is a flat
    $100,000, with an additional charge of $1,000 per hour. Since I
    specialize in international trade and geopolitical relations between
    the Middle East and Europe, my clientele is very unique and limited,
    and I am afraid I am unable to accept other work at this time.

    I am enclosing the copy you sent of the judgment and again, Ms. Klemt,
    I thank you for your thoughts. It was very nice of you.

    Very, sincerely,

    Stephen G. Corris

Letter No. 3:

    Laramie, Wyoming 82070
    August 17, 1988

    Stephen G. Corris, Esquire
    Attorney at Law
    Irvine, California 92715

    Dear Steve:

    I am in receipt of your letter to me dated August 8, 1988, regarding
    collection of a judgment against Stephen Broomell.

    Steve, I've got news-you can't say you charge a $100,000.00 retainer
    fee and an additional $1,000.00 an hour without sounding pretentious.
    It just can't be done. Especially when you're writing to someone in
    Laramie, Wyoming where you're considered pretentious if you wear socks
    to Court or drive anything fancier than a Ford Bronco. Hell, Steve, all
    the lawyers in Laramie, put together, don't charge $1,000.00 an hour.

    Anyway, we were sitting around the office discussing your letter and
    decided that you had a good thing going. We doubt we could get away with
    charging $1,000.00 an hour in Laramie (where people are more inclined to
    barter with livestock than pay in cash), but we do believe we could join
    you in California, where evidently people can get away with just about
    anything. Therefore, the four lawyers in our firm intend to join you in
    the practice of international trade and geopolitical relations between
    the Middle East and Europe.

    Now, Steve, you're probably thinking that we don't know anything about
    the Middle East and Europe, but I think you'll be pleasantly surprised
    to find that this is not the case. Paul Schierer is actually from the
    Middle East-he was raised outside of Chicago, Illinois, and although
    those national newsmen insist on calling Illinois the Midwest, to us,
    if it's between New York and the Missouri River, it's the Middle East.

    Additionally, although I have never personally been to Europe myself,
    my sister just returned from a vacation there and told me lots about, so
    I believe I would be of some help to you on that end of the negotiations.
    Hoke MacMillan has actually been there, although it was 15 years ago, so
    you might have to update him on recent geopolitical developments. Also,
    Hoke has applied to the Rotary Foreign Exchange Student Program for a
    16-year old Swedish girl and believes she will been helpful in preparing
    him for trips abroad.

    Another thing you should know, Steve, is that the firm has an extensive
    foreign language background, which I believe would be useful to you. Hoke
    took Latin in high school, although he hasn't used it much inasmuch as he
    did not become a pharmacist or a priest. Vonnie Nagel took high school
    German, while Paul has eaten in Italian restaurants. I, myself, majored
    in French in college, until I realized that probably wasn't the smartest
    career move in the world. I've forgotten such words as "international"
    and "geopolitical" (which I'm not too familiar with in English), but I
    can still hail a taxi or find a restroom, which might come in handy.

    Steve, let us know when we should join you in California so that we can
    begin doing whatever it is you do. In anticipation of our move, we've
    all been practicing trying to say we charge $1,000.00 an hour with a
    straight face, but so far, we haven't been able to do it. I suspect it'll
    be easier once we actually reach California where I understand they charge
    $5,000,000 for one-bedroom condos and everybody (even poor people) drive
    Mercedes. Anyway, because I'll be new to the area of international trade
    and geopolitical relations, I'm thinking of only charging $500-$600 an
    hour to begin with. Will that be enough to meet our overhead?

    I look forward to hearing from you before you go away again for six
    weeks.

    Sincerely,

    Pence and MacMillan
    Becky N. Klemt

    P.S. Incidentally, we have advised our client of your hourly rate. She
    is willing to pay you $1,000.00 per hour to collect this judgment
    provided it doesn't take you more than four seconds.
