Newsgroups: ucb.org.csua
From:    galen@csua.berkeley.edu (Galen Hancock)
Subject: General/politburo meeting minutes for May 9
Date:    Tue, 14 May 2002 03:42:49 -0000

Galen: We had a speaker Thursday. We had refreshments including
pizza from Cheeseboard Pizza. We set one pie aside for the speaker.
A little after 7 someone called Jing Yang jumped in through the
door, grabbed the pizza, and left. Bem yelled "put that back!",
and a whole bunch of us jumped up and followed. The suspect ran up
Ridge towards the parking garage. I saw Twohey and someone else
stopping a friend of the suspect. I went down a path towards Cloyne's
backyard. Along the way I saw the thief hiding behind a tree; I
startled him and he ran. The person ran through Cloyne's back yard
and up a fire escape ladder to a balcony; I chased them up. He left
the pizza on the balcony and jumped off and ran into Cloyne. I
followed but lost him inside Cloyne. I went back to the balcony
and took what was left of the pizza back to the Woz. Then I returned
to Cloyne to try to find the thief again. I saw him exiting through
the back. He ran inside and I followed. Along the way he threw a
chair at me in a failed attempt to trip me. After a bit more
obstacle-course type chasing I lost him and returned to the office.

Twohey: Meanwhile, we brought the thief's friend to 337 and called
the police.  They interrogated him and it came out that he hadn't
known what his friend was going to do, and just ran because his
friend told him to run. Twohey was inclined to believe this.
Eventually the police dragged the thief's name and address out of
the prisoner.

Galen: Later, we got a call from the officer who asked if we wanted
restitution for the pizza or something more. I answered that we
wanted to press for criminal charges. About a half hour later the
officer called and said that the thief seemed to be a remorseful
college student without any prior record and he didn't really want
to ruin his life over some pizza. After some discussion with Twohey
(who was a bit more vindictive than me) we agreed to settle for
restitution for the pizza along with the officer agreeing to "scare
the crap out of him" (his words). At around 11pm the officer came
by with the pizza thief who apologized and gave us $16 for the
pizza.

Quotes:

"Stealing a man's pizza is a felony in my book."

and

"Don't you people have phones?"
					--UCPD Officer R. A.  McAlister
