Real Programmers Don't Eat Quiche (They Can't Even Spell Quiche)

Real Programmers...

Don't eat quiche. Real programmers don't even know how to spell quiche. They
like Twinkies, Coke, and palate-scorching Szechwan food.

Don't write applications programs. They program right down to the bare metal.
Applications programs are for dullards who can't do systems programming.

Don't write specs. Users should consider themselves lucky to get any programs
at all and take what they get.

Don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to
understand and even harder to modify.

Don't document. Documentation is for simps who can't read the listings or the
objectdeck.

Don't draw flowcharts. Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of
documentation. Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much it did for them.

Don't use COBOL. COBOL is for wimpy applications programmers.

Don't use FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for wimpy engineers who wear white socks, pipe
stress freaks, and crystallography weenies. They get excited over finite state
analysis and nuclear reactor simulation.

Don't use LOGO. In fact, no programmers use LOGO after reaching puberty.

Don't use APL, unless the whole program can be written on one line.

Don't use LISP. Only effeminate programmers use more parentheses than actual
code.

Don't use Pascal, BLISS, Ada, or any of thise sissy-pinko computer science
languages. Strong typing is a crutch for people with weak memories.

Never work 9 to 5. If any real programmers are around at 9 a.m., it's because
they were up all night.

Disdain structured programming. Structured programming is for compulsive
neurotics who were prematurely toilet-trained. They wear neckties and carefully
line up sharp pencils on an otherwise clear desk.

Scorn floating point arithmetic. The decimal point was invented for pansy
bedwetters who are unable to think big.

Don't believe in schedules. Planners make schedules. Managers firm-up
schedules. Frightened coders strive to meet schedules. Real programmers ignore
schedules.

Don't play tennis or any other sport that requires a change of clothes.
Mountain climbing is OK though, and real programmers often wear climbing boots
to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the
machine room.

Don't like the team programming concept. Unless, of course, they are the Chief
Programmer.

Have no use for managers. Managers are a necessary evil. Managers are for
dealing with personnel bozos, bean counters, senior planners, and other mental
defectives.

Don't drive clapped-out Mavericks. They prefer BMWs, Lincolns, or pick-up
trucks with floor shifts. Fast motorcycles are highly regarded.

Like vending machine popcorn. Coders pop it in the microwave oven. Real
programmers use the heat given off by the CPU. They can tell what job is
running just by listening to the rate the corn is popping.

Know every nuance of every instruction and use them all in every real program.
Puppy architects won't allow execute instructions to address another execute
as the target instruction. Real programmers despise such petty restrictions.

Don't bring brown bag lunches to work. If the vending machine sells it, they
eat it. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending
machines don't sell quiche.

- Author Unknown
