Single Molecule Determines Complex Behavior, Say Scientists

In a groundbreaking new study, scientists at Some University have
discovered that a single molecule may drive people to perform that complex
behavior we've all observed. Though other researchers consider the results
of the small, poorly structured experiment misleading, a well-written press
release ensures that their criticisms will be restricted to brief quotes
buried near the bottoms of most news stories on the work, if they're
included at all.

"This is a real game-changer for our understanding of this complex
behavior, which has affected so many lives," said Wannabe Famous, PhD, who
directed the study. Dr. Famous describes the results, which were hyped
relentlessly to journalists for a week before being published in today's
issue of A Scientific Journal, as "the Holy Grail of a field that has been
trying to link this single molecule to a complex behavior for decades."

Though he cautions that the findings are too preliminary to be a basis for
any specific recommendations, Dr. Famous says that drugs targeting the
single molecule could some day help treat patients displaying this complex
behavior. "It's a controversial issue, because of course complex behaviors
are what make us human, or at least animal, but for people dealing with the
broken marriages, inadvisable purchases, and stained kitchen tiles that
this behavior can cause, a workable therapy would be a blessing," said Dr.
Famous.

The new results add to a growing body of evidence that all of human nature
rests on a handful of chemical reactions. Researchers initially believed
that the widely-acknowledged link between testosterone and carpentry was a
fluke, but studies connecting dopamine to scuba diving, and oxytocin to the
production of cat videos on YouTube, have drawn more attention to the
seductive power of oversimplifications. "We're really standing on the
shoulders of giants," said Famous.

Other scientists agree, at least when quoted selectively. "Famous's result
is just unbelievable," said one researcher, who asked not to be named after
seeing a draft of this article.

Nonetheless, controversy persists in the field, especially among those
whose statements are harder to misconstrue. "This single molecule has a
bunch of different functions, most of which we probably don't even know
yet, and there are thousands of other signaling molecules circulating in
the body at any given time, so claiming that it's the sole cause of this
complex behavior is just absurd," said Grumpy Skeptic, PhD.

But Famous remains undaunted, and argues that his results will ultimately
stand on their own whether other researchers replicate them or not. "Ten
years from now, if you ask someone whose science education consists mainly
of skimming news stories, I'm sure they'll confirm that this single
molecule causes this complex behavior," said Famous.

From: http://alandove.com/content/2012/11/single-molecule-determines-complex-behavior-say-scientists/
